Allow values larger than 32 bit in int! and uint! macros (#30)
ruma/js_int: CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

* Breaking: Allow values larger than 32 bit for `int!` and `uint!` macros.

>   This means that explicit `_i32` and `_u32` literals are no longer valid and it also raises the MSRV to 1.79.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This means that `i32`-suffixed and `u32`-suffixed literals are no longer accepted
```

Can you make the MSRV thing a separate bullet point?

Reviewer: Actually, I wonder.. Since the `const` block is in a macro, shouldn't the MSRV be unaffected? It's still a breaking change, but the crate can still be built by older versions of rustc, right?

Reviewer: Looks too be 1.46: https://releases.rs/docs/1.46.0/
Let's use that if possible. js_int is a basic enough crate that I would prefer a lower MSRV.
